doc: more notes on NetworkManager migration for old installs (#1037)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/v1-6-x-to-v1-7-x.md

| Scenario | Action Required |
| --- | --- |
| You installed v1.1 or later, and never manually modified the management interface or DNS configuration. | None |

> | You originally installed v1.1 or earlier. | **Required** (Rename `/oem/99_custom.yaml` to `/oem/90_custom.yaml`, update `/oem/harvester.config` schema.) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| You originally installed v1.1 or earlier. | **Required** (Rename the configuration file and update the `/oem/harvester.config` schema.) |
```

Reviewer: For brevity, we can provide a high-level description here and save the details for the list below.

  :::note

  If you initially installed v1.1 or earlier:
  - Ensure that `install.management_interface` in `/oem/harvester.config` follows the schema required by later Harvester versions as specified in [install.management_interface](../install/harvester-configuration.md#installmanagement_interface).

>   - The `/oem/99_custom.yaml` file must be renamed to `/oem/90_custom.yaml` before upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you originally installed v1.1 or earlier, perform the following actions before starting the upgrade:

- Verify that the `install.management_interface` setting in `/oem/harvester.config` follows the [schema](../install/harvester-configuration.md#installmanagement_interface) required by later Harvester versions.
- Rename the `/oem/99_custom.yaml` file to `/oem/90_custom.yaml`.
```

>   If in doubt, run the [pre-check script](https://github.com/harvester/upgrade-helpers/tree/main/pre-check) on a Harvester control-plane node before upgrade. It will warn you if either of the above steps are necessary, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a best practice, run the [pre-check script](https://github.com/harvester/upgrade-helpers/tree/main/pre-check) on a Harvester control plane node before starting the upgrade. The script determines if either of the listed steps is necessary.

Example:
```
